The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, you're not just the UFC champion. You're one of the best champions.
It's very, it's very unique to watch you fight because you are,
you're one of those people like Anderson SIL as prime,
where you've kind of cleaned out your division, you know,
and there's no disrespect to your opponents, but some of your P opponents,
when I'm watching you fight them, I'm not thinking, are they gonna beat you?
I'm thinking, what are you going to do to them? That's,
it's a strange position to be in where you're almost like
competing, you're competing against these women,
but your level is so much higher than everyone else else
in this 125 pound division,
that there's just not much there for you in terms of like,
Valentina has to fight this woman. There there's no fight like that for you.
I think that, um, definitely this is one of my goals in my,
uh, performance in my training. And, um, <affirmative> definitely,
this is like what I, um,
the idea of my fight style to be able to,
um, win the fight, made the fight, uh,
very beautiful from the technical side, very intensive, very like, uh,
just high level, all martial arts, but in the same time without do it, like,
dirtified like street fight just like different level when you can finish
your opponent without, uh, them touch you. Mm.
So this is kind of like, like ideally ideal <laugh> ideal.
Well, you can see how you sometimes impose the opponent style
on them. It's almost like you're challenging yourself.
Like the Jessica and garage fight, like in coming into that fight,
most people thought the only way she would have any sort of advantage at all
would possibly be grappling.
And so what did you do you out grappled her <laugh> like,
did you do that on purpose?
No, no, no, no. Uh, I don't know.
This is what I think it it's no <laugh> because, uh, maybe,
uh,
people just like was speaking about that so much so frequently before the fight.
Maybe it's just in my like mind and was there, but, you know,
I never felt that this is a,
a position dangerous for me since the beginning, since the like, I,
I know exactly, uh, uh, what is my strength?
I know exactly what is my power. Um,
that's why it's never was a doubt. Would I be good there? No.
Um, I know what I can. I know exactly, um,
what I have to be worry about what I have to worry about, um,
in the fight.
I ha I know that I have to be careful like to see everything because it,
some my everything can happen. You cannot just go there and say, okay,
I'm a champion. Everyone has to fall down, right? No, you cannot. You can,
you have to, um, be wild.
You have to be like a wild animal ready for anything. And, uh,
but in the same time, you just,
you cannot overestimate your opponent because you are overestimate them.
Uh, it's gonna be like not interesting fight. You're gonna be like, uh,
just candid, afraid of throwing anything. Mm. And that's why it's,
you have to find the balance. And the balance is everything where you are. Um,
like you can do whatever without any fear, but in the same time, very careful.
And, uh, um, I, I never,
before the fight put some like challenges, uh, for me,
would I be good there? Would I be good? Like, would I do,
like for my next fight,
I train myself for the different situation.
And this is what we are working like, and it's not just my work.
It's like teamwork, but a Valenti and Nina,
we all watching our opponents and we share what we think about them,
what we have to be worry, what we have to work on.
And through our training camp, through trainings,
we just work on every possible situation. And even for example,
I saw some situation in the fight was happening,
like not with my opponent or different, completely different fight.
And we try this situation. We, uh, we try what, how I will,
what I will do, how I will escape or how I will finish from this situation.
So we just, um, getting ready for anything.
And this is what I think help me to, um,
take right decision during the fight,
because I don't have time to think about what I will do next,
what my technique will be next in the fight is everything happened like
instantly.
And I have to be sure that my brain and my body ready to
act.
Well. It's very clear that you have a very well rounded skillset,
but it's also clear that when you're faced with particular challenges,
your preparation for those particular challenges almost puts you in a situation
where you want to try, like the Juliana Penya fights a good example of that,
right? Like you shock the world when you arm bared her.
Every cuz everybody felt like if she had a chance to beat you,
it would be grappling. And you as a Mo Thai champion,
if you had a chance to beat her, it would be your striking.
But then when you submitted her, everybody was like, holy.
Like that was a wake up call for a lot of people that you are not just well
rounded,
but you are capable of finishing everywhere that you are lethal
everywhere.
Yeah. This is what, uh, every time was in my training,
my goals for the competition, uh, not just go there and compete,
but um, go there and win.
Doesn't matter what I have to do to win the fight.
I have to find the solution. I have to find the way to win the fight.
And every time it was like my mindset I'm I don't like, like, um,
this idea, just go and have fun in the fight. I don't like idea. Just,
uh, be there and like, um, just to experience the feeling,
I think for someone it's good.
But if you have like higher goals for yourself,
you have to put higher goals, like higher, like, uh, things,
what you're singing for this isn't my head.
This is what I had since the beginning that, uh, no, no matter what happening,
I have to find solution to turn the fight to my site and win fight.
And, um, definitely I was like,
I understood fighting in Mar mixed martial arts. I have to have more arms.
I have to have more advantages, like, um,
if we are comparing with, um, uh, other fighter, because, uh,
more advantage you have it's of like, um, in the war, right? Yeah.
Uh, you have a handgun, you have like certain, like percentage to win.
You have like, um, more like arms in your like position.
You have more percentages. So I want to have like 100 percentage, uh,
percentage to bean the fights. That's why I was training, like everything and,
uh, like training,
not just pretend to do technique,
but know how to make people tap after this technique.
Yeah. So when you say more arms, you mean more weapons, right? You mean exactly.
Yeah. Yeah. Just for people to watch the entire episode for free,
only on Spotify.